seatbelt on dr. Ruby mere check the
outside there have enough gasoline cover
let's go I ran for going we made it here
we are in monaca Wisconsin for the wife
Terry competition finally Perry I can't
believe you drive so Solly holy cow you
drive slower than my grandmother
hibernation let's go hmm very very bad
very it's over what yeah I've got my
helmet on I'm all ready to compete I'm
packing up to go oh we missed it yeah
but good you know that we always
recommend you drive the speed limit now
we will also recommend that you leave
your house in time to get to the event
before that they use over yeah I want to
go find somebody tell me about it hmm
the Wisconsin wife-carrying championship
is held in downtown minocqua and is
sponsored by minocqua winter park and
the lakeland chapter of kiwanis
international here are the rules for the
wife carrying championship the official
track is approximately 278 yards they
have an obstacle course to have law of
hurdles a water obstacle whoo the
minimum weight of the white that is
carried is 107 pounds now if the wife
happens to be later than that then the
couple has to carry some extra poundage
if a contestant drops the way that team
will be penalized 15 seconds and of
course who knows how the husband will be
penalized at home later
any carrying technique that keeps the
wife from touching the ground is
permissible they can use piggyback
fireman's carry oh who knows what
they'll come up with the wife or the one
being carried must wear a helmet the
Wisconsin wife carrying championship
team is the couple who competes the
championship round in the shortest time
hi Keith I'm sorry made it here so late
I mean knows already got my helmet I was
all set but my buddy ferry drove too
slow got us here late well you missed a
great event like the fourth prize today
was the wife's weight in cranberries
third prize was the wife's weight in
dasani water second prize was
johnsonville brats so if she weighed 120
pounds she walked away with 120 pounds
and johnsonville brats and the grand
prize was the wife's weight in Red Hook
eel plus 5 times 5 times her weight in
cash hi times the weight and cast that
is really cool how much cash did you get
this year i think it was five hundred
and forty six dollars right Barry just
think I could have won five times my
weight and cash hmm we could have had a
twenty bucks
well that's it for now from Managua and
the wife staring competition you know
you could win cranberries loved one from
crime